feat: Support faker modifiers on Fabricator (#8671)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/testing/fabricator.rst

.. literalinclude:: fabricator/006.php

Setting Modifiers
=================

Faker provides three special providers, ``unique()``, ``optional()``, and ``valid()``,
to be called before any provider. Fabricator fully supports these modifiers by providing
dedicated methods.

.. literalinclude:: fabricator/022.php

The arguments passed after the field name are passed directly to the modifiers as-is. You can refer

> to Faker's documentation on these modifiers for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to `Faker's documentation on modifiers`_ for details.

.. _Faker's documentation on modifiers: https://fakerphp.github.io/#modifiers
```
